# giphy-battle
Broadcast Giphy images to listeners using Socket.IO. This is just a prototype written during morning coffee to demonstrate
playing with Socket.IO and the Giphy API. To understand Socket.IO, the 'chat app' example provided on their web site is very
helpful and similar to what is being done here.

This is useful at the office if you have a television mounted on the wall and would like different people to be able
to remotely trigger changes of the Giphy displayed on the tv in realtime, without having to access the keyboard connected 
to the television. 

This is using Express.js as the web framework with EJS for templating.

# To install:
1. Clone the repo
2. npm install
3. node index.js

By default, the app listens on port 3000. Change if you'd like. 
You can use something like 'forever' if you'd like to keep it running.

# How to use:
There are a few routes:
* /
* /?tag=cats
* /?url=http://www.url.to/giphy.gif
* /battle

When the / route is loaded it initially displays a random image from Giphy and sizes it to take up the entire window. If
a tag parameter is provided, it will display a random image that has that tag. The page reloads every ten minutes with a
new random image from the set of all or the specified tag. If a url paramater is specified, that url will be loaded as the
image src.

The /battle route will accept user input of nothing (no tag) or a tag value. On receiving a broadcast message via
Socket.IO, anyone viewing '/' will reload the window for the specified (or no) tag, thereby receiving
a different random image. To test this, you can load http://localhost:3000/ and http://localhost:3000/battle and use the battle
route to immediately change the image seen in the / route. You can also send a url to an image instead of a tag, and that will be 
loaded as the img src via the url param. Rudimentary voting is implemented with /up and /down commands which increase or decrease
the # of total votes show on the bottom right of the image. A score < -2 within a 10 minute period will reload a random image
at /.

# Future features:
* Get a private api key from Giphy instead of using the rate-limited public key
* Ability to trigger the same random image across all simultaneous listeners
* [done] Ability to broadcast a specific image in addition to a random image from a tag
* Multi-tenant (channels) to support /[hash]/battle and /[hash] so different groups can have their own battles
* [done] Ability to vote up/down, show # votes on image, and rotate off if > max number of downs (think turntable.fm)
* Ability to /say A message to overlay on an image
* Consider queue instead of or in addition to real-time bumps
* Store listening port in .env file (dotenv module?) instead of hardcoded 3000 and manually changing to 80 on prod
* Refactor to have routes directory like default structure generated by express application generator
* Make /battle view more mobile friendly
* Persistant storage of battle emits in a (mongo?) db to display historical sends on re-joining battle
* Long list of messages in /battle scroll below the input on the bottom of the page so last can't be read
* ???
